you know YouTube it's just a quick video
today I'm in the car feel quite
privileged George Behar show the CEO of
past factory outlet here in Melbourne
Australia has invited me over to look at
their they've got a brand new UMC 750 I
believe is the first one in the country
and it's a five axis Universal machining
centre and look very excited should be
some good things and I also believe my
st 10 for harvest the Technical College
has turned up as well so I've been it
concentrate on the road and turn this
camera off
hey Craig how are you good to see ya
guy George how aya you know no I could
be ready to say hey I am a first one in
Australia
yeah well um see 750 full 5 axial
Timmy's machining and also around
they're doing a golf since I fell
unfortunate who can cut on this machine
it is a customer's machine but you can
see the axes moving around that this one
comes with the full 12 K spindle the
tool probing drill spindle cooling and
as you can see on the end there it's got
the smoke from am awesome some of you
might be quite surprised to see how much
smaller pulp in this actual machine
takes over a number of customers have
been in and very surprised on the the
small footprint of the actual machine
doesn't take that compared to a lot okay
I'll come back in we'll just get a
better look at it
and that part you've got in your hand
Harvey made on that could be made on the
typical part that could be made on this
particular machine that you'd normally
find very difficult to make an only
other one without having to do various
machine operations changing up from
picture to picture cool all thanks very
much Harvey thanks for your time and
thanks for having me to once again the
ha spectra outlet thank you geez